# Ghost Banishers

## Introduction
Welcome to the Project Page for my game Ghost Banishers. This game makes up one of several 
minigames created for a 6-player virtual reality game in which players must work together to
banish ghosts in a passthrough environment.

A 6-player ghost hunting VR party game utilising passthrough with a realistic visual style.
Players are required to work together to locate and catch ghosts in a game environment that 
is shaped by passthrough technology. As the game progresses enemies will gradually become 
more aggressive.

Using only one VR kit across six players.

The game uses a single VR headset requiring efficient communication and teamwork in a hectic 
environment. Players take on a different role and must work together to complete a series of 
puzzles to banish ghosts who are haunting the space where the players are playing the game. 
No individual player possesses the ability to see the full extent of the game world and thus
will have to co-operate with the other players in order to complete as many puzzles as they
can in the allotted time.


## Introduction (Rewrite)
Welcome to the Project Page for Ghost Banishers, a group project I undertook as part of my 
postgraduate diploma in Commercial Games Development. The following sections will give an 
overview of the project, highighting it's core features, strengths, and limitations, as well
as summary of the key technical challenges and how I overcame them. Finally, this article
will conclude with a reflection on what I learnt and future plans for the project. Code 
samples can be found at the end of this page. 

## Concept 
Ghost Banishers is a cooperative VR game which tasks players with solving a puzzle to banish 
ghosts lurking in the darkness. This game originated from a larger collection of 
ghost-banishing minigames designed to be played by 6 players using only only one VR device. 
This unique restriction forced players to work in close collaboration with each other, 
encouraging efficient communication and teamwork in order to succeed, creating a frantic yet 
very engaging gameplay experience.